hello today welcome times
again at chris hilton contente
health food yes you like me today
I see I have a red shirt then the FC
Bayern plays tomorrow against Barcelona
semi-final champions league 2013
olé olé olé people i believe that too
not many in Germany
bavarian fans are now sitting us the
thumb press, saying that would be
It would have been really great
need a bavaria against
champions league final would stand and
because that's why that's important
thumbs through the thumb for the bavaria
that you do not get a gate because heynckes
has the shock himself says the front is
always something with us that means with greens
to zero at home and that's the best
starting position
so and now the best starting position
for us person evening is half
crate beer three bags of chips or is it
the festivals from austria it is so we
but I know well against the game
Do not do anything but we want it if
We then eat chips or clips then
We know that heap
shit is in there too
trans fat in it is the earth that
fat in there knows everything in there and
I thought you had to do something
do something else and what tastes good
because one wants to so evening a
enjoyment enjoy and stupid by a
coincidence
and now I see an increase
at lidl cashewkern and down there
natural cashew kernels natural
200 grams 1 euro 170 people in mine
opinion to start and then I have
I thought there must be something out of it
can tinker and what is delicious
what are you fit to me as well
tastes like chips replenishing lips well
just do not have the disadvantages with the
trans fat and so on and so forth
and that there actually is
nothing inside for the tip except fat salt
and carbohydrates, but that's me
thought if we are already fat and salt
carbohydrates then feed biggs and
dunks and with power and that's why
I think about it and I have it
already built the first few
have been calling for longer and they are
awesome what has the advantage if you
join in here today it has the advantage
you have the full fiber you need
have the full power
you have the crass vitamins and
trace elements
you have everything in such a way
natural nut is in it and
In addition, you still have to decide
taste and now very important for
you can do what I have to you now
Show here today is just rudimentary that
means you can exchange the spices
how you want to use that
chili powder salt a good a good one
olive oil
then I bought a few
dried little chilis the times
Show that there are only three pieces in
the hand the three pieces are enough
out
and then I have because I'm still in
Cabinet has a piccolo too
a smoke flavor and this smoker number
that really makes a difference to her
can order now i am that now
a short time
but you can not do it without it
that tastes great what we do
we just do the following today
that is so super really great
just you will wonder how
cut the packs on the give
cashewkerne in an empty glass that was
good glass and on this critic
Let's take a tablespoon full
olive oil and olive oil only
Three to five drops of the smoke
that's how it looks funny to us
funny, and we do now about
the caches to look over it and now
you need a little patience like me
I have that in the evening when watching TV in the
taken by hand
So try so you can do it
five minutes should already be spinning now
then we go pack the die here
small mini pepperoni in a small
with katja hacker a teaspoon of salt
to it and shallow teaspoon please
a level teaspoon of the
Shield I should say you can you
on spice administration what you want
some suggestions from me is to
example caraway or cumin or
dried garlic is still possible
to do with purely
because of your fantasy of some remain single
now you can own your
We will make the people so now
take the powder in there
the whole now looks like this one can
I hope that you can see that well
important in the whole story
that here the olive oil that you first
clean with the smoke that you do that
really well distributed that again
lust and very thin film olive oil
zoofreunde finished second time that the
is a great snack or is it
a small snack
so it makes sharp tastes rates
and you know, you have heaps
calories in it but like this healthy one
calories and power the next day
push her third batch kilo more
do not forget the bavaria also the
to press thumb in this sense
leo leoni and it